docs(linux): Add documentation regaring DSS feature: cropping (#96)
TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc: source/linux/Foundational_Components/Kernel/Kernel_Drivers/Display/DSS7.rst

| GAMMA_LUT_SIZE     | crtc     | Number of elements in gammma lookup table.                                                           |
+--------------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> .. _Testing tidss properties with modetest and kmstest:

Reviewer: Using an explicit target name that's the same as the implicit target name seems to also upset the checker.

Author: Changed

| GAMMA_LUT_SIZE     | crtc     | Number of elements in gammma lookup table.                                                           |
+--------------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Testing tidss properties with modetest and kmstest

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: Informal ref on line 390 of this file is now invalid. Please switch to proper ref syntax to prevent this in the future.

Author: Added proper ref syntax.

| GAMMA_LUT_SIZE     | crtc     | Number of elements in gammma lookup table.                                                           |
+--------------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> .. _Testing tidss properties with modetest and kmstest:

Reviewer: Invalid syntax. Needs a newline after the tag name.

Author: Corrected

Note that the ``*2`` at the end of ``-P 41@38:400x400*2`` is the scaling factor.

- **Cropping**

Show only a part of the frame.

User can specify a frame of size ``w x h``, with an input color format ``cf``, a view ``w1 x h1`` starting at coordinates ``x1,y1`` and a plane ``w2 x h2`` to be displayed starting at coordinates ``x2,y2``. To display a cropped part of the frame(``w x h``), the below command can be used:

.. code-block:: console

> 	$ kmstest -p <plane_number>:<x-coordinate>,<ycoordinate>-<plane_width>x<plane_height> -f <frame_width>x<frame_height>-<color-format> -v <view_number>:<x-coordinate>,<ycoordinate>-<view_width>x<view_height>

Reviewer 2: For code-block indentations, refer https://github.com/TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#indentation-and-whitespace

Author: Resolved

	$ kmstest -p 0:x2,y2-w2xh2 -f wxh-cf -v x1,y1-w1xh1

.. code-block:: console

        $ kmstest -c hdmi -p 0:0,0-1000x1000 -f 1000x1000-XR24 -v 0,0-1000x1000
	Connector 1/@50: HDMI-A-1
		Crtc 1/@48: 1920x1080@59.93 138.500 1920/48/32/80/+ 1080/3/5/23/- 60 (59.93) 0x9 0x48
		Plane 0/@31: 0,0-800x800
			Fb 55 1000x1000-XR24

The above example views a ``1000x1000`` frame on a ``1000x1000`` plane starting at ``0,0``.

>     .. Image:: /images/DSS_cropping_example_1.jpg

Reviewer 2: Use figure directive instead and provide static width and height

https://github.com/TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#indentation-and-whitespace

Author: Resolved

> .. code-block:: console

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above

Author: Resolved

   Crtc 1/@48: 1920x1080@59.93 138.500 1920/48/32/80/+ 1080/3/5/23/- 60 (59.93) 0x9 0x48
   Plane 0/@31: 0,0-1000x1000
   Fb 55 1000x1000-XR24

The above example displays a ``1000x1000`` video frame on the screen starting at coordinates ``0,0``.

.. figure:: /images/DSS_cropping_example_1.jpg
   :height: 600
   :width: 1020

.. code-block:: console

   $ kmstest -c hdmi -p 0:0,0-800x800 -f 1000x1000 -v 0,0-800x800
   Connector 1/@50: HDMI-A-1
   Crtc 1/@48: 1920x1080@59.93 138.500 1920/48/32/80/+ 1080/3/5/23/- 60 (59.93) 0x9 0x48
   Plane 0/@31: 0,0-800x800
   Fb 55 1000x1000-XR24

The example displays a cropped part i.e. ``800x800`` of the ``1000x1000`` video frame starting at coordinates ``0,0``.

.. figure:: /images/DSS_cropping_example_2.jpg
   :height: 600
   :width: 1020

.. code-block:: console

   $ kmstest -c hdmi -p 0:500,200-800x800 -f 1000x1000 -v 200,100-800x800                                                                                                                     
   Connector 1/@50: HDMI-A-1
   Crtc 1/@48: 1920x1080@59.93 138.500 1920/48/32/80/+ 1080/3/5/23/- 60 (59.93) 0x9 0x48
   Plane 0/@31: 500,200-800x800
   Fb 54 1000x1000-XR24

> This example displays the cropped part of the video frame with the dimensions  ``800x800``,  starting at coordinates ``200,100`` of the video frame, on the screen starting at coordinates ``500,200``.  

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, updated

Note that the ``*2`` at the end of ``-P 41@38:400x400*2`` is the scaling factor.

- **Cropping**

Show only a part of the frame.

> User can specify a frame of size ``w x h``, with an input color format ``cf``, a view ``w1 x h1`` starting at coordinates ``x1,y1`` and a plane ``w2 x h2`` to be displayed starting at coordinates ``x2,y2``. To display a cropped part of the frame(``w x h``), the below command can be used:

Reviewer 3: kmstest utility can be used to demonstrate cropping in a video frame using a test pattern.
User can specify the video frame size ``w x h`` with an input color format ``cf`` using option -f,  then to specify the source rectangle i.e. to create cropped portion of video frame, it can be done using -v argument which specify ``w1 x h1`` source rectangle starting at coordinates ``x1,y1`` w.r.t the video frame. The destination rectangle i.e. the where on the screen this needs to be displayed can be specified using -p option and the desired dimensions i.e. ``w2 x h2`` to be displayed starting at coordinates ``x2,y2``.

Author: Updated, thanks

   Crtc 1/@48: 1920x1080@59.93 138.500 1920/48/32/80/+ 1080/3/5/23/- 60 (59.93) 0x9 0x48
   Plane 0/@31: 0,0-800x800
   Fb 55 1000x1000-XR24

The above example views a ``1000x1000`` frame on a ``1000x1000`` plane starting at ``0,0``.

.. figure:: /images/DSS_cropping_example_1.jpg
   :height: 600
   :width: 1020

.. code-block:: console

   $ kmstest -c hdmi -p 0:0,0-800x800 -f 1000x1000 -v 0,0-800x800
   Connector 1/@50: HDMI-A-1
   Crtc 1/@48: 1920x1080@59.93 138.500 1920/48/32/80/+ 1080/3/5/23/- 60 (59.93) 0x9 0x48
   Plane 0/@31: 0,0-400x400
   Fb 55 1000x1000-XR24

The first example shows the whole ``800x800`` frame and second example shows cropped part ``(400x400)`` of the ``800x800`` frame.

.. figure:: /images/DSS_cropping_example_2.jpg
   :height: 600
   :width: 1020

.. code-block:: console

   $ kmstest -c hdmi -p 0:500,200-800x800 -f 1000x1000 -v 200,100-800x800                                                                                                                     
   Connector 1/@50: HDMI-A-1
   Crtc 1/@48: 1920x1080@59.93 138.500 1920/48/32/80/+ 1080/3/5/23/- 60 (59.93) 0x9 0x48
   Plane 0/@31: 500,200-800x800
   Fb 54 1000x1000-XR24

> This example views the ``800x800`` cropped part of the frame starting at ``200,100`` on a ``800x800`` plane starting at ``500,200``.  

Reviewer 3: Taking as an input a video frame of dimensions 1000x1000, this example creates a cropped source rectangle of dimensions 800x800, starting at coordinates 500,200 and displays it on screen at coordinates 200,100 keeping the same dimensions as source rectangle i.e 800x800 without scaling.

Reviewer 3: Please update other example wordings likewise.

Author: Updated

Note that the ``*2`` at the end of ``-P 41@38:400x400*2`` is the scaling factor.

- **Cropping**

> ``kmstest`` utility can be used to demonstrate cropping in a video frame using a test pattern.
> User can specify the video frame size ``w x h`` with an input color format ``cf`` using option ``-f``, then to specify the source rectangle i.e. to create cropped portion of video frame, it can be done using ``-v`` argument which specify ``w1 x h1`` source rectangle starting at coordinates ``x1,y1`` w.r.t the video frame. The destination rectangle i.e. on the screen where this needs to be displayed can be specified using ``-p`` option with the desired dimensions i.e. ``w2 x h2`` to be displayed starting at coordinates ``x2,y2``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``kmstest`` utility can be used to demonstrate cropping a video frame using a test pattern.
The user can specify the main video frame size and an input color format using the ``-f`` argument. Then the source region, also known as a view region, can be specified using the ``-v`` argument. This takes a secondary width and height to create a rectangle starting at a given coordinate. The destination region, or plane region, for the view can be specified using ``-p`` argument. This takes a third width, height and coordinate position to place an overlay with the associated view region's content.
```

Author: Updated

.. code-block:: console

   $ kmstest -p <plane_number>:<x-coordinate>,<ycoordinate>-<plane_width>x<plane_height> -f <frame_width>x<frame_height>-<color-format> -v <view_number>:<x-coordinate>,<ycoordinate>-<view_width>x<view_height>

>    $ kmstest -p 0:x2,y2-w2xh2 -f wxh-cf -v x1,y1-w1xh1

Reviewer: This is not a valid command and is just more confusing than the immediate above line where all parameters are explained.

Author: Should I remove these commands??
Examples are good to explain I think.
